# Zelda Oracles Randomizer - 4.1.0-alpha1 (Multiworld)

This version of the randomizer can generate interconnected seeds that can be
played simultaneously with other players on BizHawk. Each player's items are
distributed across all the files generated by a single seed, and a player's
items that are not in their own game are sent to them via the network.

1. Follow the BizHawk Co-op Netplay setup instructions at
   https://github.com/TestRunnerSRL/bizhawk-co-op#Setup
2. Place Oracles.lua in the bizhawk-co-op/ramcontroller/ folder
3. Generate a seed using the command line. A valid invocation looks like:
   `oracles-randomizer.exe -multi s,a+t,s+hdp "seasons.gbc,ages.gbc,seasons.gbc"`
4. Follow the rest of the instructions in the bizhawk-co-op readme to play the
   game.

Notes and limitations:

- Up to 99 players for a single seed are supported.
- Seasons files can't contain Ages-exclusive items even if those items go to
  other players, and vice versa.
- Rings and shops, as well as a select few other checks, will always belong to
  the local player.
- The treasure map in Seasons only displays the locations of your own jewels.
  Jewels that aren't in your game have sparkles at the Tarm gate instead.
- If you are disconnected from the netplay room, items of yours that are
  obtained by other players while you were disconnected are lost ~forever~.
- Completing the game may prevent you from accessing some checks that might
  have items for the other player, due to postgame changes like global default
  spring in Seasons.
- Multiworld plandos aren't a thing.

Some of these limitations will be addressed before 4.1.0 release; some won't.
